Bigfoot and UFO sightings are self-reported to
the Bigfoot field researchers organization and
the National UFO Reporting Center.
To learn more about these reports,
we created our visualizations. On the left is
our map containing all of the Bigfoot and UFO
sightings and on the right we have a bar chart
containing the number of sightings by month.
The orange points are for Bigfoot sightings
and the blue points are for UFO sightings. On
the map you can zoom and pan across the United
States. As I am looking at different locations,
the data on our right bar plot is filtered to
match the points currently in view on the map.
On the bar chart you may hover on top of a bar
which will cause a tooltip to appear with the type
and exact amount of sightings. To see the sighting
in more detail you can click on a point on the map
As you can see, when you click a
pop-up will appear with specific
information on the sighting and on the right
a summary of the reported sighting appears.
To look only at Bigfoot or UFO sightings
you can use our filter on the legend